cli: config: add docs for --show-origin (#2028)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/config.md

| `--global` | 3        | `$HOME/Library/Application\ Support/dvc` | `$HOME/.config/dvc/config` | `%LocalAppData%\iterative\dvc\config`                     |
| `--system` | 4        | `/Library/Application\ Support/dvc`      | `/etc/dvc/config`          | `%AllUsersProfile%\Application Data\iterative\dvc\config` |

> > **Note:** The `--show-origin` flag can show you where a given config option
> > value is currently stored.

Reviewer: Stylistic copy edit, committing:
```suggestion
> Note that the `--show-origin` flag can show you where a given config option
> `value` is currently stored.
```

- `-l`, `--list` - lists all defined config values.

> - `--show-origin` - when listing or getting config values, also show the file
>   the config value is saved in.

Reviewer: Copy edit suggestion:
```suggestion
- `--show-origin` - when listing or getting config options, also show the
  location of the config file where each option `value` is found.
```

Reviewer: What does "getting" refer to here?

Reviewer: > What does "getting" refer to here though?

Never mind, I got it.

Author: Done.
